README.md, before:

# tmux-1password

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/yardnsm/tmux-1password.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/yardnsm/tmux-1password)

> Access your 1Password login items within tmux!

![](.github/screenshot.gif)

This plugin allows you to access you 1Password items within tmux, using 1Password's CLI. It works
for personal 1Password accounts, as well as teams accounts.

## Requirements

This plugin relies on the following:

- [1Password CLI](https://support.1password.com/command-line-getting-started/)
- [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/)

## Key bindings

In any tmux mode:

- `prefix + u` - list login items in a bottom pane.

## Install

### Using [Tmux Plugin Manager](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm) (recommended)

1. Add plugin to the list of TPM plugins in `.tmux.conf`:

    ```
    set -g @plugin 'yardnsm/tmux-1password'
    ```

2. Hit `prefix + I` to fetch the plugin and source it. You should now be able to use the plugin.

### Manual Installation

1. Clone this repo:

    ```console
    $ git clone https://github.com/yardnsm/tmux-1password ~/some/path
    ```

2. Source the plugin in your `.tmux.conf` by adding the following to the bottom of the file:

    ```
    run-shell ~/some/path/plugin.tmux
    ```

3. Reload the environment by running:

    ```console
    $ tmux source-file ~/.tmux.conf
    ```

## Usage

First, sign in with 1Password CLI by running the following in your terminal (you only need to do
this *once*):

```console
$ op signin <signinaddress> <emailaddress> <secretkey>
```

For 1Password personal accounts, `<signinaddress>` should be `my.1password.com`. If you're using a
team account, configure the [`@1password-subdomain`](#setting-the-signin-subdomain) option.

From now on, initiate the plugin by using the keybind (`prefix + u` by default). A new pane will be
opened in the bottom, listing the appropriate login items. Press `<Enter>` to choose a login item,
and its password will automatically be filled.

You may be required to perform a re-login (directly in the opened pane) since the 1Password CLI's
sessions expires automatically after 30 minutes of inactivity.

## Configuration

Customize this plugin by setting these options in your `.tmux.conf` file. Make sure to reload the
environment afterwards.

#### Changing the default key-binding for this plugin

```
set -g @1password-key 'x'
```

Default: `'u'`

#### Setting the signin subdomain

```
set -g @1password-subdomain 'acme'
```

Default: `'my'`

#### Setting the default vault

```
set -g @1password-vault 'work'
```

Default: `''` (all vaults)

#### Copy the password to clipboard

By default, the plugin will use `send-keys` to send the selected password to the targeted pane. By
setting the following, the password will be copied to the system's clipboard, which will be cleared
after 30 seconds.

```
set -g @1password-copy-to-clipboard 'on'
```

Default: `'off'`

#### Customize URL Filtering

By default, all of the items will be shown. If complete customization of url filtering is required,
a `jq` filter can be provided to filter and map items.

Items comes from the [`op list items`
command](https://support.1password.com/command-line/#list-objects) in the following format, from
which the filter operates:

```json
[
  {
    "uuid": "some-long-uuid",
    "templateUuid": "001",
    "overview": {
      "URLs": [
        { "u": "sudolikeaboss://local" }
      ],
      "title": "Some item",
      "tags": ["some_tag"]
    }
  }
]
```


Default: `''`

#### Examples

##### Filtering by tags

The following example will filter only the items that has a tag with a value of `some_tag`.

```sh
set -g @1password-items-jq-filter '
  .[] \
  | [select(.overview.tags | map(select(. == "some_tag")) | length == 1)?] \
  | map([ .overview.title, .uuid ] \
  | join(",")) \
  | .[] \
'
```

##### Filtering by custom url

The following example will filter only the items that has a website field with the value of
`sudolikeaboss://local`, similar to the way
[sudolikeaboss](https://github.com/ravenac95/sudolikeaboss) used to work.

```sh
set -g @1password-items-jq-filter ' \
  .[] \
  | [select(.overview.URLs | map(select(.u == "sudolikeaboss://local")) | length == 1)?] \
  | map([ .overview.title, .uuid ] \
  | join(",")) \
  | .[] \
'
```

## Prior art

Also see:

- [sudolikeaboss](https://github.com/ravenac95/sudolikeaboss)

---

## License

MIT © [Yarden Sod-Moriah](http://yardnsm.net/)

Commit message:

Added the @1password-debug option to help with debugging (#26)

README.md, after:

# tmux-1password

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/yardnsm/tmux-1password.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/yardnsm/tmux-1password)

> Access your 1Password login items within tmux!

![](.github/screenshot.gif)

This plugin allows you to access you 1Password items within tmux, using 1Password's CLI. It works
for personal 1Password accounts, as well as teams accounts.

## Requirements

This plugin relies on the following:

- [1Password CLI](https://support.1password.com/command-line-getting-started/)
- [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/)

## Key bindings

In any tmux mode:

- `prefix + u` - list login items in a bottom pane.

## Install

### Using [Tmux Plugin Manager](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm) (recommended)

1. Add plugin to the list of TPM plugins in `.tmux.conf`:

    ```
    set -g @plugin 'yardnsm/tmux-1password'
    ```

2. Hit `prefix + I` to fetch the plugin and source it. You should now be able to use the plugin.

### Manual Installation

1. Clone this repo:

    ```console
    $ git clone https://github.com/yardnsm/tmux-1password ~/some/path
    ```

2. Source the plugin in your `.tmux.conf` by adding the following to the bottom of the file:

    ```
    run-shell ~/some/path/plugin.tmux
    ```

3. Reload the environment by running:

    ```console
    $ tmux source-file ~/.tmux.conf
    ```

## Usage

First, sign in with 1Password CLI by running the following in your terminal (you only need to do
this *once*):

```console
$ op signin <signinaddress> <emailaddress> <secretkey>
```

For 1Password personal accounts, `<signinaddress>` should be `my.1password.com`. If you're using a
team account, configure the [`@1password-subdomain`](#setting-the-signin-subdomain) option.

From now on, initiate the plugin by using the keybind (`prefix + u` by default). A new pane will be
opened in the bottom, listing the appropriate login items. Press `<Enter>` to choose a login item,
and its password will automatically be filled.

You may be required to perform a re-login (directly in the opened pane) since the 1Password CLI's
sessions expires automatically after 30 minutes of inactivity.

## Configuration

Customize this plugin by setting these options in your `.tmux.conf` file. Make sure to reload the
environment afterwards.

#### Changing the default key-binding for this plugin

```
set -g @1password-key 'x'
```

Default: `'u'`

#### Setting the signin subdomain

```
set -g @1password-subdomain 'acme'
```

Default: `'my'`

#### Setting the default vault

```
set -g @1password-vault 'work'
```

Default: `''` (all vaults)

#### Copy the password to clipboard

By default, the plugin will use `send-keys` to send the selected password to the targeted pane. By
setting the following, the password will be copied to the system's clipboard, which will be cleared
after 30 seconds.

```
set -g @1password-copy-to-clipboard 'on'
```

Default: `'off'`

#### Customize URL Filtering

By default, all of the items will be shown. If complete customization of url filtering is required,
a `jq` filter can be provided to filter and map items.

Items comes from the [`op list items`
command](https://support.1password.com/command-line/#list-objects) in the following format, from
which the filter operates:

```json
[
  {
    "uuid": "some-long-uuid",
    "templateUuid": "001",
    "overview": {
      "URLs": [
        { "u": "sudolikeaboss://local" }
      ],
      "title": "Some item",
      "tags": ["some_tag"]
    }
  }
]
```


Default: `''`

#### Examples

##### Filtering by tags

The following example will filter only the items that has a tag with a value of `some_tag`.

```sh
set -g @1password-items-jq-filter '
  .[] \
  | [select(.overview.tags | map(select(. == "some_tag")) | length == 1)?] \
  | map([ .overview.title, .uuid ] \
  | join(",")) \
  | .[] \
'
```

##### Filtering by custom url

The following example will filter only the items that has a website field with the value of
`sudolikeaboss://local`, similar to the way
[sudolikeaboss](https://github.com/ravenac95/sudolikeaboss) used to work.

```sh
set -g @1password-items-jq-filter ' \
  .[] \
  | [select(.overview.URLs | map(select(.u == "sudolikeaboss://local")) | length == 1)?] \
  | map([ .overview.title, .uuid ] \
  | join(",")) \
  | .[] \
'
```

#### Debug mode

If you're having any trouble with the plugin and would like to debug it's output in a more
convenient way, this option will prevent the pane to be closed.

```
set -g @1password-debug 'on'
```

## Prior art

Also see:

- [sudolikeaboss](https://github.com/ravenac95/sudolikeaboss)

---

## License

MIT © [Yarden Sod-Moriah](http://yardnsm.net/)
